#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
audioread==2.1.9
    # via librosa
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
black==21.12b0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via black
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.2
    # via stack-data
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.28.5
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.43.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imageio==2.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==4.10.1
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keras==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
librosa==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.38.0
    # via numba
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclient==0.5.10
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numba==0.55.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   resampy
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   pooch
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via black
pooch==1.6.0
    # via librosa
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.1
    # via stack-data
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pymongo==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.0
    # via qtconsole
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
resampy==0.2.2
    # via librosa
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   sklearn
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   html5lib
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   resampy
    #   tensorflow
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soundfile==0.10.3.post1
    # via librosa
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.1.4
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.23.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==1.2.3
    # via black
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
